What does this 98 mean?
Yufei is the 98th ghost
And the 99th.
The 100th may be the last
Is it the last one?
Haha, not necessarily.
It could be.
In the intermediary that costs you
He might be the one Bloodwater has to deal with
This kid?
Lots of secrets
OK
Ah Chen is making you a scapegoat
Hahaha, that's right.
If it's okay, furry boy, I'll provoke it too, it's okay
Let's go find him
But where does Zhou Junzhong live?
Yes, Master Haha.
You are obviously an expert
Why are you pretending to be crazy and praying around?
Prayer is my bread and butter.
It is my life's duty to maintain the small river on earth
Where does Zhou Zhendong live?
I don't know.
Stop making trouble
Human life is at stake, hahahahaha
Master, this is the night you got in the car
I found a water talisman on Zhou Jianzhong
Half on him and half on me
Hahaha